arch map
name Plane of Creation
msg
Created:  2011-03-25 Alex Tokar
Modified: 2011-09-30 Alex Tokar
endmsg
width 24
height 24
difficulty 115
darkness -1
tile_path_1 creation_0807
tile_path_2 creation_0906
tile_path_3 creation_0805
tile_path_4 creation_0706
tile_path_5 creation_0907
tile_path_6 creation_0905
tile_path_7 creation_0705
tile_path_8 creation_0707
region creation
end
arch floor_stone_b1
end
arch border_top_nw2
end
arch wall_stone_8
end
arch client_map_info
msg
Random treasure testing.
endmsg
name creation_house_random
sub_type 2
stand_still 1
end
arch floor_stone_b1
y 1
end
arch border_top_w1
y 1
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 1
end
arch floor_stone_b3
y 2
end
arch border_top_w1
y 2
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 2
end
arch floor_stone_b2
y 3
end
arch border_top_w1
y 3
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 3
end
arch floor_stone_b4
y 4
end
arch border_top_w1
y 4
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 4
end
arch floor_stone_b4
y 5
end
arch border_top_w1
y 5
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 5
end
arch floor_stone_b1
y 6
end
arch border_top_w1
y 6
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 6
end
arch floor_stone_b1
y 7
end
arch border_top_w1
y 7
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 7
end
arch floor_stone_b2
y 8
end
arch border_top_w1
y 8
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 8
end
arch floor_stone_b2
y 9
end
arch border_top_w1
y 9
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 9
end
arch floor_stone_b4
y 10
end
arch border_top_w1
y 10
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 10
end
arch floor_stone_b3
y 11
end
arch border_top_w1
y 11
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 11
end
arch floor_stone_b1
y 12
end
arch border_top_w1
y 12
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 12
end
arch floor_stone_b3
y 13
end
arch border_top_w1
y 13
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 13
end
arch floor_stone_b1
y 14
end
arch border_top_w1
y 14
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 14
end
arch floor_stone_b1
y 15
end
arch border_top_w1
y 15
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 15
end
arch floor_stone_b4
y 16
end
arch border_top_w1
y 16
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 16
end
arch floor_stone_b1
y 17
end
arch border_top_w1
y 17
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 17
end
arch floor_stone_b1
y 18
end
arch border_top_sw2
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 18
end
arch client_map_info
name creation_house_random
sub_type 2
y 18
end
arch water_lt2
y 19
end
arch border_wall_n2
y 19
end
arch water_lt4
y 20
end
arch water_lt
y 21
end
arch water_lt4
y 22
end
arch water_lt
y 23
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 1
end
arch border_top_n1
x 1
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 1
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 1
y 1
end
arch shelf3b.111
x 1
y 1
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 1
y 2
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 1
y 3
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 1
y 4
end
arch fence_metal.111
x 1
y 4
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 1
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 5
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 1
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 6
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 1
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 7
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 1
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 8
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 1
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 9
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 1
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 10
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 1
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 11
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 1
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 12
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 1
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 13
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 1
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 14
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 1
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 15
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 1
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 16
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 1
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 1
y 17
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 1
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 1
y 18
end
arch water_lt
x 1
y 19
end
arch border_wall_n1
x 1
y 19
end
arch water_lt3
x 1
y 20
end
arch water_lt4
x 1
y 21
end
arch water_lt4
x 1
y 22
end
arch water_lt3
x 1
y 23
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 2
end
arch border_top_n1
x 2
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 2
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 2
y 1
end
arch shelf3c.111
x 2
y 1
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 2
y 2
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 2
y 3
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 2
y 4
end
arch sign
msg
Demonstrates creation of random jewelry.
endmsg
x 2
y 4
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 2
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 5
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 2
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 6
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 2
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 7
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 2
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 8
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 2
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 9
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 2
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 10
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 2
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 11
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 2
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 12
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 2
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 13
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 2
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 14
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 2
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 15
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 2
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 16
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 2
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 2
y 17
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 2
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 2
y 18
end
arch water_lt3
x 2
y 19
end
arch border_wall_n1
x 2
y 19
end
arch water_lt3
x 2
y 20
end
arch water_lt3
x 2
y 21
end
arch water_lt
x 2
y 22
end
arch water_lt
x 2
y 23
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 3
end
arch border_top_n1
x 3
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 3
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 3
y 1
end
arch sign
msg
Demonstrates random books.
endmsg
x 3
y 1
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 3
y 2
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 3
y 3
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 3
y 4
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 3
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 5
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 3
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 6
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 3
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 7
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 3
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 8
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 3
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 9
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 3
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 10
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 3
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 11
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 3
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 12
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 3
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 13
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 3
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 14
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 3
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 15
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 3
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 16
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 3
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 3
y 17
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 3
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 3
y 18
end
arch water_lt4
x 3
y 19
end
arch border_wall_n1
x 3
y 19
end
arch water_lt4
x 3
y 20
end
arch water_lt
x 3
y 21
end
arch water_lt2
x 3
y 22
end
arch water_lt2
x 3
y 23
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 4
end
arch border_top_n1
x 4
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 4
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 4
y 1
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 4
y 2
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 4
y 3
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 4
y 4
end
arch fence_metal.111
x 4
y 4
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 4
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 5
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 5
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 4
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 6
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 6
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 4
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 7
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 7
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 4
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 8
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 8
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 4
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 9
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 9
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 4
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 10
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 10
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 4
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 11
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 11
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 4
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 12
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 12
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 4
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 13
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 13
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 4
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 14
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 14
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 4
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 15
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 15
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 4
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 16
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 16
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 4
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 17
end
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_test
identified 1
x 4
y 17
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 4
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 4
y 18
end
arch water_lt
x 4
y 19
end
arch border_wall_n1
x 4
y 19
end
arch water_lt4
x 4
y 20
end
arch water_lt3
x 4
y 21
end
arch water_lt
x 4
y 22
end
arch water_lt3
x 4
y 23
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 5
end
arch border_top_n1
x 5
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 5
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 5
y 1
end
arch sign
msg
Demonstrates the ability to create unique objects inside containers.
endmsg
x 5
y 1
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 5
y 2
end
arch sign
msg
Treasure chest that drops a random potion/balm/etc when opened.
endmsg
x 5
y 2
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 5
y 3
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 5
y 4
end
arch fence_metal.111
x 5
y 4
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 5
y 5
end
arch fence_metal.131
x 5
y 5
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 5
y 6
end
arch fence_metal.131
x 5
y 6
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 5
y 7
end
arch fence_metal.131
x 5
y 7
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 5
y 8
end
arch fence_metal.131
x 5
y 8
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 5
y 9
end
arch fence_metal.131
x 5
y 9
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 5
y 10
end
arch fence_metal.131
x 5
y 10
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 5
y 11
end
arch fence_metal.131
x 5
y 11
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 5
y 12
end
arch fence_metal.131
x 5
y 12
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 5
y 13
end
arch fence_metal.131
x 5
y 13
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 5
y 14
end
arch fence_metal.131
x 5
y 14
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 5
y 15
end
arch fence_metal.131
x 5
y 15
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 5
y 16
end
arch fence_metal.131
x 5
y 16
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 5
y 17
end
arch fence_metal.131
x 5
y 17
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 5
y 18
end
arch fence_metal.131
x 5
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_1
sub_layer 1
x 5
y 18
end
arch water_lt
x 5
y 19
end
arch border_wall_n1
x 5
y 19
end
arch water_lt4
x 5
y 20
end
arch water_lt3
x 5
y 21
end
arch water_lt2
x 5
y 22
end
arch water_lt2
x 5
y 23
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 6
end
arch border_top_n1
x 6
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 6
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 6
y 1
end
arch chest_sw_1
x 6
y 1
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_potion
end
arch chest
arch random_treasure
randomitems random_potion
end
end
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 6
y 2
end
arch random_chest_black
randomitems random_potion
x 6
y 2
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 6
y 3
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 6
y 4
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 6
y 5
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 6
y 6
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 6
y 7
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 6
y 8
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 6
y 9
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 6
y 10
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 6
y 11
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 6
y 12
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 6
y 13
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 6
y 14
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 6
y 15
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 6
y 16
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 6
y 17
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 6
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 6
y 18
end
arch water_lt3
x 6
y 19
end
arch border_wall_n1
x 6
y 19
end
arch water_lt2
x 6
y 20
end
arch water_lt2
x 6
y 21
end
arch water_lt3
x 6
y 22
end
arch water_lt2
x 6
y 23
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 7
end
arch border_top_ne2
x 7
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 7
end
arch client_map_info
name creation_house_random
sub_type 2
x 7
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 7
y 1
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 7
y 1
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 7
y 2
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 7
y 2
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 7
y 3
end
arch border_top_ne1
x 7
y 3
end
arch door1_locked
direction 3
x 7
y 3
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 7
y 4
end
arch border_top_se1
x 7
y 4
end
arch door1_locked
direction 5
x 7
y 4
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 7
y 5
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 7
y 5
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 7
y 6
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 7
y 6
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 7
y 7
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 7
y 7
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 7
y 8
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 7
y 8
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 7
y 9
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 7
y 9
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 7
y 10
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 7
y 10
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 7
y 11
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 7
y 11
end
arch floor_stone_b4
x 7
y 12
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 7
y 12
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 7
y 13
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 7
y 13
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 7
y 14
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 7
y 14
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 7
y 15
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 7
y 15
end
arch floor_stone_b3
x 7
y 16
end
arch border_top_ne1
x 7
y 16
end
arch door1_locked
direction 3
x 7
y 16
end
arch floor_stone_b1
x 7
y 17
end
arch border_top_se1
x 7
y 17
end
arch door1_locked
direction 5
x 7
y 17
end
arch floor_stone_b2
x 7
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_4
x 7
y 18
end
arch water_lt4
x 7
y 19
end
arch border_wall_n1
x 7
y 19
end
arch water_lt
x 7
y 20
end
arch water_lt
x 7
y 21
end
arch water_lt3
x 7
y 22
end
arch water_lt2
x 7
y 23
end
arch water_lt3
x 8
end
arch border_wall_w2
x 8
end
arch water_lt4
x 8
y 1
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 8
y 1
end
arch water_lt4
x 8
y 2
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 8
y 2
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 8
y 3
end
arch border_top_n1
x 8
y 3
end
arch floor_flagm3
x 8
y 4
end
arch border_top_s1
x 8
y 4
end
arch water_lt3
x 8
y 5
end
arch border_wall_nw1
x 8
y 5
end
arch water_lt
x 8
y 6
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 8
y 6
end
arch water_lt4
x 8
y 7
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 8
y 7
end
arch water_lt
x 8
y 8
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 8
y 8
end
arch water_lt3
x 8
y 9
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 8
y 9
end
arch water_lt3
x 8
y 10
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 8
y 10
end
arch water_lt3
x 8
y 11
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 8
y 11
end
arch water_lt3
x 8
y 12
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 8
y 12
end
arch water_lt3
x 8
y 13
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 8
y 13
end
arch water_lt
x 8
y 14
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 8
y 14
end
arch water_lt4
x 8
y 15
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 8
y 15
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 8
y 16
end
arch border_top_n1
x 8
y 16
end
arch floor_flagm3
x 8
y 17
end
arch border_top_s1
x 8
y 17
end
arch water_lt3
x 8
y 18
end
arch border_wall_nw1
x 8
y 18
end
arch water_lt3
x 8
y 19
end
arch border_wall_nw2
x 8
y 19
end
arch water_lt
x 8
y 20
end
arch water_lt2
x 8
y 21
end
arch water_lt2
x 8
y 22
end
arch water_lt4
x 8
y 23
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 9
end
arch border_top_w1
x 9
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 9
y 1
end
arch border_top_w1
x 9
y 1
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 9
y 2
end
arch border_top_w1
x 9
y 2
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 9
y 3
end
arch border_top_nw1
x 9
y 3
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 9
y 4
end
arch border_top_sw1
x 9
y 4
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 9
y 5
end
arch border_top_w1
x 9
y 5
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 9
y 6
end
arch border_top_w1
x 9
y 6
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 9
y 7
end
arch border_top_w1
x 9
y 7
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 9
y 8
end
arch border_top_w1
x 9
y 8
end
arch floor_flagm3
x 9
y 9
end
arch border_top_w1
x 9
y 9
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 9
y 10
end
arch border_top_w1
x 9
y 10
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 9
y 11
end
arch border_top_w1
x 9
y 11
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 9
y 12
end
arch border_top_w1
x 9
y 12
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 9
y 13
end
arch border_top_w1
x 9
y 13
end
arch floor_flagm3
x 9
y 14
end
arch border_top_w1
x 9
y 14
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 9
y 15
end
arch border_top_w1
x 9
y 15
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 9
y 16
end
arch border_top_nw1
x 9
y 16
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 9
y 17
end
arch border_top_sw1
x 9
y 17
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 9
y 18
end
arch border_top_w1
x 9
y 18
end
arch floor_flagm3
x 9
y 19
end
arch border_top_w1
x 9
y 19
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 9
y 20
end
arch border_top_w1
x 9
y 20
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 9
y 21
end
arch border_top_w1
x 9
y 21
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 9
y 22
end
arch border_top_w1
x 9
y 22
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 9
y 23
end
arch border_top_w1
x 9
y 23
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 10
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 10
y 1
end
arch floor_flagm3
x 10
y 2
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 10
y 3
end
arch floor_flagm3
x 10
y 4
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 10
y 5
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 10
y 6
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 10
y 7
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 10
y 8
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 10
y 9
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 10
y 10
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 10
y 11
end
arch floor_flagm3
x 10
y 12
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 10
y 13
end
arch floor_flagm3
x 10
y 14
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 10
y 15
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 10
y 16
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 10
y 17
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 10
y 18
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 10
y 19
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 10
y 20
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 10
y 21
end
arch floor_flagm3
x 10
y 22
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 10
y 23
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 11
end
arch floor_flagm3
x 11
y 1
end
arch floor_flagm3
x 11
y 2
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 11
y 3
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 11
y 4
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 11
y 5
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 11
y 6
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 11
y 7
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 11
y 8
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 11
y 9
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 11
y 10
end
arch floor_flagm3
x 11
y 11
end
arch floor_flagm3
x 11
y 12
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 11
y 13
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 11
y 14
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 11
y 15
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 11
y 16
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 11
y 17
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 11
y 18
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 11
y 19
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 11
y 20
end
arch floor_flagm3
x 11
y 21
end
arch floor_flagm3
x 11
y 22
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 11
y 23
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 12
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 12
y 1
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 12
y 2
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 12
y 3
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 12
y 4
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 12
y 5
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 12
y 6
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 12
y 7
end
arch floor_flagm3
x 12
y 8
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 12
y 9
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 12
y 10
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 12
y 11
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 12
y 12
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 12
y 13
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 12
y 14
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 12
y 15
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 12
y 16
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 12
y 17
end
arch floor_flagm3
x 12
y 18
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 12
y 19
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 12
y 20
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 12
y 21
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 12
y 22
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 12
y 23
end
arch floor_flagm3
x 13
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 13
y 1
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
y 1
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 13
y 2
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
y 2
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 13
y 3
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
y 3
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 13
y 4
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
y 4
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 13
y 5
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
y 5
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 13
y 6
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
y 6
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 13
y 7
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
y 7
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 13
y 8
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
y 8
end
arch floor_flagm3
x 13
y 9
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
y 9
end
arch floor_flagm3
x 13
y 10
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
y 10
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 13
y 11
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
y 11
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 13
y 12
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
y 12
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 13
y 13
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
y 13
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 13
y 14
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
y 14
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 13
y 15
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
y 15
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 13
y 16
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
y 16
end
arch floor_flagm1
x 13
y 17
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
y 17
end
arch floor_flagm2
x 13
y 18
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
y 18
end
arch floor_flagm3
x 13
y 19
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
y 19
end
arch floor_flagm3
x 13
y 20
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
y 20
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 13
y 21
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
y 21
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 13
y 22
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
y 22
end
arch floor_flagm4
x 13
y 23
end
arch border_top_e1
x 13
y 23
end
arch water_lt4
x 14
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
end
arch water_lt2
x 14
y 1
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
y 1
end
arch water_lt3
x 14
y 2
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
y 2
end
arch water_lt
x 14
y 3
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
y 3
end
arch water_lt4
x 14
y 4
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
y 4
end
arch water_lt3
x 14
y 5
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
y 5
end
arch water_lt4
x 14
y 6
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
y 6
end
arch water_lt4
x 14
y 7
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
y 7
end
arch water_lt
x 14
y 8
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
y 8
end
arch water_lt4
x 14
y 9
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
y 9
end
arch water_lt4
x 14
y 10
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
y 10
end
arch water_lt2
x 14
y 11
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
y 11
end
arch water_lt3
x 14
y 12
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
y 12
end
arch water_lt
x 14
y 13
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
y 13
end
arch water_lt4
x 14
y 14
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
y 14
end
arch water_lt3
x 14
y 15
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
y 15
end
arch water_lt4
x 14
y 16
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
y 16
end
arch water_lt4
x 14
y 17
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
y 17
end
arch water_lt
x 14
y 18
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
y 18
end
arch water_lt4
x 14
y 19
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
y 19
end
arch water_lt4
x 14
y 20
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
y 20
end
arch water_lt2
x 14
y 21
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
y 21
end
arch water_lt3
x 14
y 22
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
y 22
end
arch water_lt
x 14
y 23
end
arch border_wall_w1
x 14
y 23
end
arch water_lt3
x 15
end
arch water_lt2
x 15
y 1
end
arch water_lt4
x 15
y 2
end
arch water_lt3
x 15
y 3
end
arch water_lt4
x 15
y 4
end
arch water_lt
x 15
y 5
end
arch water_lt
x 15
y 6
end
arch water_lt2
x 15
y 7
end
arch water_lt
x 15
y 8
end
arch water_lt2
x 15
y 9
end
arch water_lt2
x 15
y 10
end
arch water_lt3
x 15
y 11
end
arch water_lt3
x 15
y 12
end
arch water_lt4
x 15
y 13
end
arch water_lt4
x 15
y 14
end
arch water_lt3
x 15
y 15
end
arch water_lt3
x 15
y 16
end
arch water_lt
x 15
y 17
end
arch water_lt
x 15
y 18
end
arch water_lt3
x 15
y 19
end
arch water_lt2
x 15
y 20
end
arch water_lt3
x 15
y 21
end
arch water_lt3
x 15
y 22
end
arch water_lt
x 15
y 23
end
arch water_lt3
x 16
end
arch water_lt3
x 16
y 1
end
arch water_lt2
x 16
y 2
end
arch water_lt2
x 16
y 3
end
arch water_lt3
x 16
y 4
end
arch water_lt3
x 16
y 5
end
arch water_lt
x 16
y 6
end
arch water_lt
x 16
y 7
end
arch water_lt3
x 16
y 8
end
arch water_lt
x 16
y 9
end
arch water_lt2
x 16
y 10
end
arch water_lt3
x 16
y 11
end
arch water_lt3
x 16
y 12
end
arch water_lt
x 16
y 13
end
arch water_lt4
x 16
y 14
end
arch water_lt3
x 16
y 15
end
arch water_lt
x 16
y 16
end
arch water_lt4
x 16
y 17
end
arch water_lt4
x 16
y 18
end
arch water_lt2
x 16
y 19
end
arch water_lt
x 16
y 20
end
arch water_lt3
x 16
y 21
end
arch water_lt3
x 16
y 22
end
arch water_lt2
x 16
y 23
end
arch water_lt2
x 17
end
arch water_lt4
x 17
y 1
end
arch water_lt4
x 17
y 2
end
arch water_lt4
x 17
y 3
end
arch water_lt3
x 17
y 4
end
arch water_lt4
x 17
y 5
end
arch water_lt3
x 17
y 6
end
arch water_lt2
x 17
y 7
end
arch water_lt
x 17
y 8
end
arch water_lt
x 17
y 9
end
arch water_lt3
x 17
y 10
end
arch water_lt
x 17
y 11
end
arch water_lt2
x 17
y 12
end
arch water_lt3
x 17
y 13
end
arch water_lt4
x 17
y 14
end
arch water_lt3
x 17
y 15
end
arch water_lt
x 17
y 16
end
arch water_lt
x 17
y 17
end
arch water_lt2
x 17
y 18
end
arch water_lt4
x 17
y 19
end
arch water_lt
x 17
y 20
end
arch water_lt2
x 17
y 21
end
arch water_lt3
x 17
y 22
end
arch water_lt2
x 17
y 23
end
arch water_lt2
x 18
end
arch water_lt4
x 18
y 1
end
arch water_lt2
x 18
y 2
end
arch water_lt
x 18
y 3
end
arch water_lt2
x 18
y 4
end
arch water_lt
x 18
y 5
end
arch water_lt2
x 18
y 6
end
arch water_lt3
x 18
y 7
end
arch water_lt4
x 18
y 8
end
arch water_lt
x 18
y 9
end
arch water_lt4
x 18
y 10
end
arch water_lt
x 18
y 11
end
arch water_lt3
x 18
y 12
end
arch water_lt
x 18
y 13
end
arch water_lt3
x 18
y 14
end
arch water_lt
x 18
y 15
end
arch water_lt4
x 18
y 16
end
arch water_lt
x 18
y 17
end
arch water_lt4
x 18
y 18
end
arch water_lt4
x 18
y 19
end
arch water_lt2
x 18
y 20
end
arch water_lt
x 18
y 21
end
arch water_lt4
x 18
y 22
end
arch water_lt4
x 18
y 23
end
arch water_lt
x 19
end
arch water_lt
x 19
y 1
end
arch water_lt
x 19
y 2
end
arch water_lt
x 19
y 3
end
arch water_lt3
x 19
y 4
end
arch water_lt4
x 19
y 5
end
arch water_lt4
x 19
y 6
end
arch water_lt
x 19
y 7
end
arch water_lt2
x 19
y 8
end
arch water_lt
x 19
y 9
end
arch water_lt3
x 19
y 10
end
arch water_lt4
x 19
y 11
end
arch water_lt4
x 19
y 12
end
arch water_lt
x 19
y 13
end
arch water_lt2
x 19
y 14
end
arch water_lt
x 19
y 15
end
arch water_lt4
x 19
y 16
end
arch water_lt4
x 19
y 17
end
arch water_lt
x 19
y 18
end
arch water_lt4
x 19
y 19
end
arch water_lt3
x 19
y 20
end
arch water_lt2
x 19
y 21
end
arch water_lt3
x 19
y 22
end
arch water_lt4
x 19
y 23
end
arch water_lt3
x 20
end
arch water_lt3
x 20
y 1
end
arch water_lt3
x 20
y 2
end
arch water_lt3
x 20
y 3
end
arch water_lt
x 20
y 4
end
arch water_lt2
x 20
y 5
end
arch water_lt
x 20
y 6
end
arch water_lt4
x 20
y 7
end
arch water_lt4
x 20
y 8
end
arch water_lt
x 20
y 9
end
arch water_lt2
x 20
y 10
end
arch water_lt4
x 20
y 11
end
arch water_lt3
x 20
y 12
end
arch water_lt
x 20
y 13
end
arch water_lt
x 20
y 14
end
arch water_lt
x 20
y 15
end
arch water_lt4
x 20
y 16
end
arch water_lt
x 20
y 17
end
arch water_lt3
x 20
y 18
end
arch water_lt3
x 20
y 19
end
arch water_lt
x 20
y 20
end
arch water_lt2
x 20
y 21
end
arch water_lt4
x 20
y 22
end
arch water_lt4
x 20
y 23
end
arch water_lt3
x 21
end
arch water_lt2
x 21
y 1
end
arch water_lt3
x 21
y 2
end
arch water_lt
x 21
y 3
end
arch water_lt3
x 21
y 4
end
arch water_lt2
x 21
y 5
end
arch water_lt2
x 21
y 6
end
arch water_lt3
x 21
y 7
end
arch water_lt
x 21
y 8
end
arch water_lt3
x 21
y 9
end
arch water_lt4
x 21
y 10
end
arch water_lt4
x 21
y 11
end
arch water_lt4
x 21
y 12
end
arch water_lt2
x 21
y 13
end
arch water_lt2
x 21
y 14
end
arch water_lt
x 21
y 15
end
arch water_lt2
x 21
y 16
end
arch water_lt2
x 21
y 17
end
arch water_lt3
x 21
y 18
end
arch water_lt2
x 21
y 19
end
arch water_lt4
x 21
y 20
end
arch water_lt2
x 21
y 21
end
arch water_lt3
x 21
y 22
end
arch water_lt
x 21
y 23
end
arch water_lt2
x 22
end
arch water_lt2
x 22
y 1
end
arch water_lt3
x 22
y 2
end
arch water_lt4
x 22
y 3
end
arch water_lt3
x 22
y 4
end
arch water_lt2
x 22
y 5
end
arch water_lt4
x 22
y 6
end
arch water_lt
x 22
y 7
end
arch water_lt4
x 22
y 8
end
arch water_lt
x 22
y 9
end
arch water_lt4
x 22
y 10
end
arch water_lt2
x 22
y 11
end
arch water_lt
x 22
y 12
end
arch water_lt
x 22
y 13
end
arch water_lt3
x 22
y 14
end
arch water_lt3
x 22
y 15
end
arch water_lt4
x 22
y 16
end
arch water_lt
x 22
y 17
end
arch water_lt4
x 22
y 18
end
arch water_lt3
x 22
y 19
end
arch water_lt4
x 22
y 20
end
arch water_lt2
x 22
y 21
end
arch water_lt3
x 22
y 22
end
arch water_lt3
x 22
y 23
end
arch water_lt2
x 23
end
arch water_lt4
x 23
y 1
end
arch water_lt3
x 23
y 2
end
arch water_lt
x 23
y 3
end
arch water_lt
x 23
y 4
end
arch water_lt4
x 23
y 5
end
arch water_lt4
x 23
y 6
end
arch water_lt
x 23
y 7
end
arch water_lt2
x 23
y 8
end
arch water_lt
x 23
y 9
end
arch water_lt4
x 23
y 10
end
arch water_lt3
x 23
y 11
end
arch water_lt3
x 23
y 12
end
arch water_lt4
x 23
y 13
end
arch water_lt4
x 23
y 14
end
arch water_lt3
x 23
y 15
end
arch water_lt
x 23
y 16
end
arch water_lt4
x 23
y 17
end
arch water_lt
x 23
y 18
end
arch water_lt4
x 23
y 19
end
arch water_lt4
x 23
y 20
end
arch water_lt
x 23
y 21
end
arch water_lt2
x 23
y 22
end
arch water_lt
x 23
y 23
end
