arch map
name Vielumin Ruins
msg
Created:  2010-08-18 Idicus
Modified: 2011-05-13 Alex Tokar
endmsg
width 24
height 24
difficulty 55
darkness 1
tile_path_1 ruins_0203
tile_path_2 ruins_0302
tile_path_3 ruins_0201
tile_path_4 ruins_0102
tile_path_5 ruins_0303
tile_path_6 ruins_0301
tile_path_7 ruins_0101
tile_path_8 ruins_0103
bg_music ruins.mid
region eld_woods_island
end
arch floor_ruin3
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
end
arch floor_ruin1
y 1
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
y 1
end
arch floor_ruin1
y 2
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin4
y 3
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
y 3
end
arch floor_ruin4
y 4
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
y 4
end
arch floor_ruin4
y 5
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin1
y 6
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
y 6
end
arch floor_ruin1
y 7
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
y 7
end
arch floor_ruin3
y 8
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
y 8
end
arch floor_ruin1
y 9
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
y 9
end
arch floor_ruin1
y 10
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
y 10
end
arch floor_ruin1
y 11
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin1
y 12
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
y 12
end
arch floor_ruin3
y 13
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
y 13
end
arch floor_ruin2
y 14
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin1
y 15
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin3
y 16
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin1
y 17
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
y 17
end
arch floor_ruin4
y 18
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin3
y 19
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
y 19
end
arch floor_ruin2
y 20
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
y 20
end
arch floor_ruin2
y 21
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin1
y 22
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin3
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
y 23
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 1
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 1
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 1
y 1
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 1
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 1
y 3
end
arch shelf3_dem3.111
direction 7
x 1
y 3
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 1
y 4
end
arch shelf3_dem2.111
direction 7
x 1
y 4
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 1
y 5
end
arch shelf3_dem1.111
direction 7
x 1
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 1
y 6
end
arch shelf3.111
direction 7
x 1
y 6
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 1
y 7
end
arch shelf3b.111
direction 7
x 1
y 7
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 1
y 8
end
arch shelf3c.111
direction 7
x 1
y 8
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 1
y 9
end
arch shelf3b.111
direction 7
x 1
y 9
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 1
y 10
end
arch shelf3_dem3.111
direction 7
x 1
y 10
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 1
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 1
y 12
end
arch shelf_wall.111
direction 4
x 1
y 12
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 1
y 13
end
arch shelf_wall.111
direction 4
x 1
y 13
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 1
y 14
end
arch shelf3_wall.111
direction 7
x 1
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 1
y 15
end
arch shelf1_wall.111
direction 4
x 1
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 1
y 16
end
arch shelf3_wall.111
direction 7
x 1
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 1
y 17
end
arch shelf5_wall.111
direction 4
x 1
y 17
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 1
y 18
end
arch shelf3_wall.111
direction 7
x 1
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 1
y 19
end
arch shelf_wall.111
direction 4
x 1
y 19
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 1
y 20
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 1
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 1
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 1
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 1
y 23
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 2
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 2
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 2
y 1
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 2
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 2
y 3
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 2
y 4
end
arch spawn_point
x 2
y 4
arch drow_captain
name rebel drow commander
level 57
item_power 4
type 83
end
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 2
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 2
y 6
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 2
y 7
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 2
y 8
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 2
y 9
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 2
y 10
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 2
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 2
y 12
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 2
y 13
end
arch spawn_point
x 2
y 13
arch drow_sorcerer
name rebel drow researcher
level 59
maxsp 16
pow 20
magic 3
dex 3
item_power 4
type 83
arch ability_icestorm
end
arch ability_mbullet
end
end
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 2
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 2
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 2
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 2
y 17
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 2
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 2
y 19
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 2
y 20
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 2
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 2
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 2
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 2
y 23
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 3
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 3
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 3
y 1
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 3
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 3
y 3
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 3
y 4
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 3
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 3
y 6
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 3
y 7
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 3
y 8
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 3
y 9
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 3
y 10
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 3
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 3
y 12
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 3
y 13
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 3
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 3
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 3
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 3
y 17
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 3
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 3
y 19
end
arch spawn_point
x 3
y 19
arch drow_sorcerer
name rebel drow alchemist
level 59
maxsp 16
pow 20
magic 3
dex 3
item_power 4
type 83
arch ability_icestorm
end
arch ability_firestorm
end
end
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 3
y 20
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 3
y 21
end
arch table_wood6
x 3
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 3
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 3
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 3
y 23
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 4
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 4
end
arch wmask_bflag_fire1_1
x 4
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 4
y 1
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 4
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 4
y 3
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 4
y 4
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 4
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 4
y 6
end
arch candlelight4.101
x 4
y 6
end
arch light7
x 4
y 6
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 4
y 7
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 4
y 8
end
arch floor_ruin6
x 4
y 9
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 4
y 10
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 4
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 4
y 12
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 4
y 13
end
arch candlelight4.101
x 4
y 13
end
arch light7
x 4
y 13
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 4
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 4
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 4
y 16
end
arch table_lab2.111
x 4
y 16
end
arch light2
x 4
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 4
y 17
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 4
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 4
y 19
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 4
y 20
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 4
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 4
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 4
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 4
y 23
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 5
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 5
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 5
y 1
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 5
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 5
y 3
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 5
y 4
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 5
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 5
y 6
end
arch shelf3.111
x 5
y 6
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 5
y 7
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 5
y 8
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 5
y 9
end
arch shelf3.111
x 5
y 9
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 5
y 10
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 5
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 5
y 12
end
arch shelf3_dem1.111
x 5
y 12
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 5
y 13
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 5
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 5
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 5
y 16
end
arch table_lab1.111
x 5
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 5
y 17
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 5
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 5
y 19
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 5
y 20
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 5
y 21
end
arch table_wood5
x 5
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 5
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 5
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 5
y 23
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 6
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 6
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 6
y 1
end
arch spawn_point
x 6
y 1
arch drow_captain
name rebel drow commander
level 57
item_power 4
type 83
end
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 6
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 6
y 3
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 6
y 4
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 6
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 6
y 6
end
arch shelf3a.111
x 6
y 6
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 6
y 7
end
arch spawn_point
x 6
y 7
arch drow_sorcerer
name rebel drow warlock
level 58
maxsp 16
pow 20
magic 3
dex 3
item_power 4
type 83
arch ability_firestorm
end
arch ability_mbullet
end
end
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 6
y 8
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 6
y 9
end
arch shelf3_dem1.111
x 6
y 9
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 6
y 10
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 6
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 6
y 12
end
arch shelf3a.111
x 6
y 12
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 6
y 13
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 6
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 6
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 6
y 16
end
arch table_lab3.111
x 6
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 6
y 17
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 6
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 6
y 19
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 6
y 20
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 6
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 6
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 6
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 6
y 23
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 7
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 7
end
arch wmask_bflag_fire1_1
x 7
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 7
y 1
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 7
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 7
y 3
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 7
y 4
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 7
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 7
y 6
end
arch shelf3_dem1.111
x 7
y 6
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 7
y 7
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 7
y 8
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 7
y 9
end
arch shelf3a.111
x 7
y 9
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 7
y 10
end
arch floor_ruin6
x 7
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 7
y 12
end
arch shelf3_dem2.111
x 7
y 12
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 7
y 13
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 7
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 7
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 7
y 16
end
arch table_lab3.111
x 7
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 7
y 17
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 7
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 7
y 19
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 7
y 20
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 7
y 21
end
arch table_wood6
x 7
y 21
end
arch light1
x 7
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 7
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 7
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 7
y 23
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 8
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
no_pass 0
x 8
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 8
y 1
end
arch fmask_ruin1_s4.101
x 8
y 1
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 8
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 8
y 3
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 8
y 4
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 8
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 8
y 6
end
arch shelf3c.111
x 8
y 6
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 8
y 7
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 8
y 8
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 8
y 9
end
arch shelf3b.111
x 8
y 9
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 8
y 10
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 8
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 8
y 12
end
arch shelf3b.111
x 8
y 12
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 8
y 13
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 8
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 8
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 8
y 16
end
arch table_lab1.111
x 8
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 8
y 17
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 8
y 18
end
arch candlelight4.101
x 8
y 18
end
arch light7
x 8
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 8
y 19
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 8
y 20
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 8
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 8
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 8
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 8
y 23
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 9
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 9
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 9
y 1
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 9
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 9
y 3
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 9
y 4
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 9
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 9
y 6
end
arch shelf3b.111
x 9
y 6
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 9
y 7
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 9
y 8
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 9
y 9
end
arch shelf3_dem2.111
x 9
y 9
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 9
y 10
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 9
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 9
y 12
end
arch shelf3_dem3.111
x 9
y 12
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 9
y 13
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 9
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 9
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 9
y 16
end
arch table_lab2.111
x 9
y 16
end
arch light1
x 9
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 9
y 17
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 9
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 9
y 19
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 9
y 20
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 9
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 9
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 9
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 9
y 23
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 10
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 10
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 10
y 1
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 10
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 10
y 3
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 10
y 4
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 10
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 10
y 6
end
arch shelf3_dem2.111
x 10
y 6
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 10
y 7
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 10
y 8
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 10
y 9
end
arch shelf3c.111
x 10
y 9
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 10
y 10
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 10
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 10
y 12
end
arch shelf3c.111
x 10
y 12
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 10
y 13
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 10
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 10
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 10
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 10
y 17
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 10
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 10
y 19
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 10
y 20
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 10
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 10
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 10
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 10
y 23
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 11
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 11
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 11
y 1
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 11
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 11
y 3
end
arch candlelight4.101
x 11
y 3
end
arch light7
x 11
y 3
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 11
y 4
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 11
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 11
y 6
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 11
y 7
end
arch candlelight4.101
x 11
y 7
end
arch light8
x 11
y 7
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 11
y 8
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 11
y 9
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 11
y 10
end
arch spawn_point
x 11
y 10
arch drow_sorcerer
name rebel drow researcher
level 58
maxsp 16
pow 20
magic 3
dex 3
item_power 4
type 83
arch ability_mbullet
end
arch ability_icestorm
end
end
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 11
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 11
y 12
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 11
y 13
end
arch candlelight4.101
x 11
y 13
end
arch light8
x 11
y 13
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 11
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 11
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 11
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 11
y 17
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 11
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 11
y 19
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 11
y 20
end
arch spawn_point
x 11
y 20
arch drow_annihilator
name porlit the alchemist
level 60
exp 135
maxsp 16
pow 20
magic 3
dex 3
item_power 4
attack_move_type 1
type 83
arch ability_icestorm
hp 7
end
arch ability_firestorm
end
arch ability_mbullet
end
end
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 11
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 11
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 11
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 11
y 23
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 12
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
no_pass 0
x 12
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 12
y 1
end
arch fmask_ruin1_s4.101
x 12
y 1
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 12
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 12
y 3
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 12
y 4
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 12
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 12
y 6
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 12
y 7
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 12
y 8
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 12
y 9
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 12
y 10
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 12
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 12
y 12
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 12
y 13
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 12
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 12
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 12
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 12
y 17
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 12
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 12
y 19
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 12
y 20
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 12
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 12
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 12
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 12
y 23
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 13
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 13
end
arch wmask_bflag_fire1_1
x 13
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 13
y 1
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 13
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 13
y 3
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 13
y 4
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 13
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 13
y 6
end
arch shelf3.111
x 13
y 6
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 13
y 7
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 13
y 8
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 13
y 9
end
arch shelf3_dem2.111
x 13
y 9
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 13
y 10
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 13
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 13
y 12
end
arch shelf3_dem1.111
x 13
y 12
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 13
y 13
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 13
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 13
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 13
y 16
end
arch table_lab2.111
x 13
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 13
y 17
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 13
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 13
y 19
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 13
y 20
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 13
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 13
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 13
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 13
y 23
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 14
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 14
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 14
y 1
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 14
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 14
y 3
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 14
y 4
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 14
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 14
y 6
end
arch shelf3b.111
x 14
y 6
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 14
y 7
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 14
y 8
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 14
y 9
end
arch shelf3.111
x 14
y 9
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 14
y 10
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 14
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 14
y 12
end
arch shelf3a.111
x 14
y 12
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 14
y 13
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 14
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 14
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 14
y 16
end
arch table_lab3.111
x 14
y 16
end
arch light2
x 14
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 14
y 17
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 14
y 18
end
arch candlelight4.101
x 14
y 18
end
arch light7
x 14
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 14
y 19
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 14
y 20
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 14
y 21
end
arch table_wood1.111
x 14
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 14
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 14
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 14
y 23
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 15
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 15
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 15
y 1
end
arch spawn_point
x 15
y 1
arch drow_captain
name rebel drow commander
level 57
item_power 4
type 83
end
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 15
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 15
y 3
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 15
y 4
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 15
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 15
y 6
end
arch shelf3a.111
x 15
y 6
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 15
y 7
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 15
y 8
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 15
y 9
end
arch shelf3b.111
x 15
y 9
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 15
y 10
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 15
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 15
y 12
end
arch shelf3_dem2.111
x 15
y 12
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 15
y 13
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 15
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 15
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 15
y 16
end
arch table_lab3.111
x 15
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 15
y 17
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 15
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 15
y 19
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 15
y 20
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 15
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 15
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 15
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 15
y 23
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 16
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 16
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 16
y 1
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 16
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 16
y 3
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 16
y 4
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 16
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 16
y 6
end
arch shelf3_dem3.111
x 16
y 6
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 16
y 7
end
arch spawn_point
x 16
y 7
arch drow_sorcerer
name rebel drow warlock
level 58
maxsp 16
pow 20
magic 3
dex 3
item_power 4
type 83
arch ability_mbullet
end
arch ability_firestorm
end
end
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 16
y 8
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 16
y 9
end
arch shelf3a.111
x 16
y 9
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 16
y 10
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 16
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 16
y 12
end
arch shelf3c.111
x 16
y 12
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 16
y 13
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 16
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 16
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 16
y 16
end
arch table_lab3.111
x 16
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 16
y 17
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 16
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 16
y 19
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 16
y 20
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 16
y 21
end
arch table_wood5
x 16
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 16
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 16
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 16
y 23
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 17
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 17
end
arch wmask_bflag_fire1_1
x 17
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 17
y 1
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 17
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 17
y 3
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 17
y 4
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 17
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 17
y 6
end
arch shelf3_dem2.111
x 17
y 6
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 17
y 7
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 17
y 8
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 17
y 9
end
arch shelf3_dem3.111
x 17
y 9
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 17
y 10
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 17
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 17
y 12
end
arch shelf3_dem2.111
x 17
y 12
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 17
y 13
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 17
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 17
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 17
y 16
end
arch table_lab2.111
x 17
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 17
y 17
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 17
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 17
y 19
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 17
y 20
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 17
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 17
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 17
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 17
y 23
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 18
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 18
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 18
y 1
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 18
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 18
y 3
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 18
y 4
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 18
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 18
y 6
end
arch shelf3_dem1.111
x 18
y 6
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 18
y 7
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 18
y 8
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 18
y 9
end
arch shelf3_dem1.111
x 18
y 9
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 18
y 10
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 18
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 18
y 12
end
arch shelf3c.111
x 18
y 12
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
arch random_treasure
no_pick 1
randomitems random_read
end
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 18
y 13
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 18
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 18
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 18
y 16
end
arch table_lab1.111
x 18
y 16
end
arch light1
x 18
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 18
y 17
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 18
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 18
y 19
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 18
y 20
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 18
y 21
end
arch table_wood6
x 18
y 21
end
arch light1
x 18
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 18
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 18
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 18
y 23
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 19
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 19
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 19
y 1
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 19
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 19
y 3
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 19
y 4
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 19
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 19
y 6
end
arch candlelight4.101
x 19
y 6
end
arch light7
x 19
y 6
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 19
y 7
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 19
y 8
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 19
y 9
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 19
y 10
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 19
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 19
y 12
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 19
y 13
end
arch candlelight4.101
x 19
y 13
end
arch light7
x 19
y 13
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 19
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 19
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 19
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 19
y 17
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 19
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 19
y 19
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 19
y 20
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 19
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 19
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 19
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 19
y 23
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 20
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 20
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 20
y 1
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 20
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 20
y 3
end
arch spawn_point
x 20
y 3
arch drow_captain
name rebel drow commander
level 58
item_power 4
type 83
end
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 20
y 4
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 20
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 20
y 6
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 20
y 7
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 20
y 8
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 20
y 9
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 20
y 10
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 20
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 20
y 12
end
arch spawn_point
x 20
y 12
arch drow_sorcerer
name rebel drow researcher
level 59
maxsp 16
pow 20
magic 3
dex 3
item_power 4
type 83
arch ability_icestorm
end
arch ability_mbullet
end
end
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 20
y 13
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 20
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 20
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 20
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 20
y 17
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 20
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 20
y 19
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 20
y 20
end
arch spawn_point
x 20
y 20
arch drow_sorcerer
name rebel drow alchemist
level 60
maxsp 16
pow 20
magic 3
dex 3
item_power 4
type 83
arch ability_icestorm
end
arch ability_mbullet
end
end
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 20
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 20
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 20
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 20
y 23
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 21
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 21
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 21
y 1
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 21
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 21
y 3
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 21
y 4
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 21
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 21
y 6
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 21
y 7
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 21
y 8
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 21
y 9
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 21
y 10
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 21
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 21
y 12
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 21
y 13
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 21
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 21
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 21
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 21
y 17
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 21
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 21
y 19
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 21
y 20
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 21
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 21
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 21
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 21
y 23
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 22
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 22
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 22
y 1
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 22
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 22
y 3
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 22
y 4
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 22
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 22
y 6
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 22
y 7
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 22
y 8
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 22
y 9
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 22
y 10
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 22
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 22
y 12
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 22
y 13
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 22
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 22
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 22
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 22
y 17
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 22
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 22
y 19
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 22
y 20
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 22
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 22
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 22
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 22
y 23
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 23
y 1
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 1
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 23
y 2
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 2
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 23
y 3
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 3
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 23
y 4
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 4
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 23
y 5
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 5
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 23
y 6
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 6
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 23
y 7
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 7
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 23
y 8
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 8
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 23
y 9
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 9
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 23
y 10
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 10
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 23
y 11
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 11
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 23
y 12
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 12
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 23
y 13
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 13
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 23
y 14
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 14
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 23
y 15
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 15
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 23
y 16
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 16
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 23
y 17
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 17
end
arch floor_ruin1
x 23
y 18
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 18
end
arch floor_ruin3
x 23
y 19
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 19
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 23
y 20
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 20
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 23
y 21
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 21
end
arch floor_ruin4
x 23
y 22
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 22
end
arch floor_ruin2
x 23
y 23
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 23
end
