arch map
name Asteria
msg
Created:  2009-08-09 Alex Tokar
Modified: 2016-01-24 Alex Tokar
endmsg
width 24
height 24
difficulty 40
outdoor 1
no_harm 1
bg_music chether.mid
region asteria
end
arch roof_wood
direction 3
y 1
end
arch roof_wood
direction 3
y 2
end
arch roof_wood
direction 3
y 3
end
arch roof_wood
direction 3
y 4
end
arch roof_wood
direction 3
y 5
end
arch roof_wood
direction 3
y 6
end
arch roof_wood
direction 3
y 7
end
arch roof_wood
direction 3
y 8
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 5
y 10
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
y 11
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 8
y 12
end
arch roof_brick_gray
y 13
end
arch roof_brick_gray
y 14
end
arch roof_brick_gray
y 15
end
arch roof_brick_gray
y 16
end
arch roof_brick_gray
y 17
end
arch roof_brick_gray
y 18
end
arch roof_wood
direction 5
x 1
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 1
y 1
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 1
y 2
end
arch roof_wood
direction 8
x 1
y 3
end
arch roof_wood
x 1
y 4
end
arch roof_wood
x 1
y 5
end
arch roof_wood
x 1
y 6
end
arch roof_wood
x 1
y 7
end
arch roof_wood
x 1
y 8
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 5
x 1
y 10
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 1
y 11
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 1
y 12
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 8
x 1
y 13
end
arch roof_brick_gray
x 1
y 14
end
arch roof_brick_gray
x 1
y 15
end
arch roof_brick_gray
x 1
y 16
end
arch roof_brick_gray
x 1
y 17
end
arch roof_brick_gray
x 1
y 18
end
arch roof_wood
direction 5
x 2
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 2
y 1
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 2
y 2
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 2
y 3
end
arch roof_wood
direction 8
x 2
y 4
end
arch roof_wood
x 2
y 5
end
arch roof_wood
x 2
y 6
end
arch roof_wood
x 2
y 7
end
arch roof_wood
x 2
y 8
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 5
x 2
y 10
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 2
y 11
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 2
y 12
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 2
y 13
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 8
x 2
y 14
end
arch roof_brick_gray
x 2
y 15
end
arch roof_brick_gray
x 2
y 16
end
arch roof_brick_gray
x 2
y 17
end
arch roof_brick_gray
x 2
y 18
end
arch roof_wood
direction 5
x 3
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 3
y 1
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 3
y 2
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 3
y 3
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 3
y 4
end
arch roof_wood
direction 8
x 3
y 5
end
arch roof_wood
x 3
y 6
end
arch roof_wood
x 3
y 7
end
arch roof_wood
x 3
y 8
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 5
x 3
y 10
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 3
y 11
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 3
y 12
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 3
y 13
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 3
y 14
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 8
x 3
y 15
end
arch roof_brick_gray
x 3
y 16
end
arch roof_brick_gray
x 3
y 17
end
arch roof_brick_gray
x 3
y 18
end
arch roof_wood
direction 5
x 4
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 4
y 1
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 4
y 2
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 4
y 3
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 4
y 4
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 4
y 5
end
arch roof_wood
direction 8
x 4
y 6
end
arch roof_wood
x 4
y 7
end
arch roof_wood
x 4
y 8
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 5
x 4
y 10
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 4
y 11
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 4
y 12
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 4
y 13
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 4
y 14
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 4
y 15
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 8
x 4
y 16
end
arch roof_brick_gray
x 4
y 17
end
arch roof_brick_gray
x 4
y 18
end
arch roof_wood
direction 5
x 5
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 5
y 1
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 5
y 2
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 5
y 3
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 5
y 4
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 5
y 5
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 5
y 6
end
arch roof_wood
direction 8
x 5
y 7
end
arch roof_wood
x 5
y 8
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 5
x 5
y 10
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 5
y 11
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 5
y 12
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 5
y 13
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 5
y 14
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 5
y 15
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 5
y 16
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 8
x 5
y 17
end
arch roof_brick_gray
x 5
y 18
end
arch roof_wood
direction 5
x 6
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 6
y 1
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 6
y 2
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 6
y 3
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 6
y 4
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 6
y 5
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 6
y 6
end
arch roof_wood
direction 7
x 6
y 7
end
arch roof_wood
direction 8
x 6
y 8
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 5
x 6
y 10
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 6
y 11
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 6
y 12
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 6
y 13
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 6
y 14
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 6
y 15
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 6
y 16
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 7
x 6
y 17
end
arch roof_brick_gray
direction 8
x 6
y 18
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 3
x 16
y 1
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 3
x 16
y 2
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 3
x 16
y 3
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 3
x 16
y 4
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 3
x 16
y 5
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 3
x 16
y 6
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 3
x 16
y 7
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 3
x 16
y 8
end
arch roof_brick
direction 3
x 16
y 11
end
arch roof_brick
direction 3
x 16
y 12
end
arch roof_brick
direction 3
x 16
y 13
end
arch roof_brick
direction 3
x 16
y 14
end
arch roof_brick
direction 3
x 16
y 15
end
arch roof_brick
direction 3
x 16
y 16
end
arch roof_brick
direction 3
x 16
y 17
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 5
x 17
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 17
y 1
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 17
y 2
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 17
y 3
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 17
y 4
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 17
y 5
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 17
y 6
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 17
y 7
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 17
y 8
end
arch roof_brick
direction 5
x 17
y 10
end
arch roof_brick
x 17
y 11
end
arch roof_brick
x 17
y 12
end
arch roof_brick
x 17
y 13
end
arch roof_brick
x 17
y 14
end
arch roof_brick
x 17
y 15
end
arch roof_brick
x 17
y 16
end
arch roof_brick
x 17
y 17
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 5
x 18
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 18
y 1
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 18
y 2
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 18
y 3
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 18
y 4
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 18
y 5
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 18
y 6
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 18
y 7
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 18
y 8
end
arch roof_brick
direction 5
x 18
y 10
end
arch roof_brick
x 18
y 11
end
arch roof_brick
x 18
y 12
end
arch roof_brick
x 18
y 13
end
arch roof_brick
x 18
y 14
end
arch roof_brick
x 18
y 15
end
arch roof_brick
x 18
y 16
end
arch roof_brick
x 18
y 17
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 5
x 19
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 19
y 1
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 19
y 2
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 19
y 3
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 19
y 4
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 19
y 5
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 19
y 6
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 19
y 7
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 19
y 8
end
arch roof_brick
direction 5
x 19
y 10
end
arch roof_brick
x 19
y 11
end
arch roof_brick
x 19
y 12
end
arch roof_brick
x 19
y 13
end
arch roof_brick
x 19
y 14
end
arch roof_brick
x 19
y 15
end
arch roof_brick
x 19
y 16
end
arch roof_brick
x 19
y 17
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 5
x 20
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 8
x 20
y 1
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 20
y 2
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 20
y 3
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 20
y 4
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 20
y 5
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 20
y 6
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 20
y 7
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 20
y 8
end
arch roof_brick
direction 5
x 20
y 10
end
arch roof_brick
x 20
y 11
end
arch roof_brick
x 20
y 12
end
arch roof_brick
x 20
y 13
end
arch roof_brick
x 20
y 14
end
arch roof_brick
x 20
y 15
end
arch roof_brick
x 20
y 16
end
arch roof_brick
x 20
y 17
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 5
x 21
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 7
x 21
y 1
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 8
x 21
y 2
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 21
y 3
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 21
y 4
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 21
y 5
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 21
y 6
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 21
y 7
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 21
y 8
end
arch roof_brick
direction 5
x 21
y 10
end
arch roof_brick
direction 8
x 21
y 11
end
arch roof_brick
x 21
y 12
end
arch roof_brick
x 21
y 13
end
arch roof_brick
x 21
y 14
end
arch roof_brick
x 21
y 15
end
arch roof_brick
x 21
y 16
end
arch roof_brick
x 21
y 17
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 5
x 22
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 7
x 22
y 1
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 7
x 22
y 2
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 8
x 22
y 3
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 22
y 4
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 22
y 5
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 22
y 6
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 22
y 7
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 22
y 8
end
arch roof_brick
direction 5
x 22
y 10
end
arch roof_brick
direction 7
x 22
y 11
end
arch roof_brick
direction 8
x 22
y 12
end
arch roof_brick
x 22
y 13
end
arch roof_brick
x 22
y 14
end
arch roof_brick
x 22
y 15
end
arch roof_brick
x 22
y 16
end
arch roof_brick
x 22
y 17
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 5
x 23
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 7
x 23
y 1
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 7
x 23
y 2
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 7
x 23
y 3
end
arch roof_brick_brown
direction 8
x 23
y 4
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 23
y 5
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 23
y 6
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 23
y 7
end
arch roof_brick_brown
x 23
y 8
end
arch roof_brick
direction 5
x 23
y 10
end
arch roof_brick
direction 7
x 23
y 11
end
arch roof_brick
direction 7
x 23
y 12
end
arch roof_brick
direction 8
x 23
y 13
end
arch roof_brick
x 23
y 14
end
arch roof_brick
x 23
y 15
end
arch roof_brick
x 23
y 16
end
arch roof_brick
x 23
y 17
end
