arch map
name Asteria Palace
msg
Created:  2011-01-23 emperorbma
Modified: 2015-05-24 Alex Tokar
endmsg
width 24
height 24
difficulty 40
darkness -1
outdoor 1
no_harm 1
bg_music kaitindam.mid
region asteria
end
arch trans
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
blocksview 0
draw_double 0
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
face wall_window.111
layer 7
draw_double 0
blocksview 0
y 14
end
arch map_info
name asteria_palace
hp 23
sp 3
cursed 1
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
y 16
end
arch carpet2a
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
y 17
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
y 18
end
arch map_info
name asteria_palace
hp 3
sp 5
cursed 1
y 18
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
y 19
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
y 20
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
y 21
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
y 22
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
y 23
end
arch trans
x 1
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 1
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 1
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 1
y 16
end
arch carpet2a
x 1
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 1
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 1
y 17
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 1
y 18
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 1
y 19
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 1
y 20
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 1
y 21
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 1
y 22
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 1
y 23
end
arch trans
x 2
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 2
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 2
y 15
end
arch torch_wall_1
x 2
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 2
y 16
end
arch carpet2a
x 2
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 2
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 2
y 17
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 2
y 18
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 2
y 19
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 2
y 20
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 2
y 21
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 2
y 22
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 2
y 23
end
arch trans
x 3
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 3
y 14
end
arch picture2.151
x 3
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 3
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 3
y 16
end
arch carpet2a
x 3
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 3
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 3
y 17
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 3
y 18
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 3
y 18
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 3
y 19
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 3
y 19
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 3
y 20
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 3
y 20
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 3
y 21
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 3
y 21
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 3
y 22
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 3
y 22
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 3
y 23
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 3
y 23
end
arch trans
x 4
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
blocksview 0
draw_double 0
x 4
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
face wall_window.111
layer 7
draw_double 0
blocksview 0
x 4
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 4
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 4
y 16
end
arch carpet2a
x 4
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 4
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 4
y 17
end
arch map_info
name asteria_palace
hp 13
damned 1
x 4
y 17
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 4
y 18
end
arch brazier_lit
x 4
y 18
end
arch light4
x 4
y 18
end
arch map_info
name asteria_palace
sp 5
is_magical 1
x 4
y 18
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 4
y 19
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 4
y 20
end
arch cardinal_giant_c
x 4
y 20
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 4
y 21
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 4
y 22
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 4
y 23
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 4
y 23
end
arch trans
x 5
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
blocksview 0
draw_double 0
x 5
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
face wall_window.111
layer 7
draw_double 0
blocksview 0
x 5
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 5
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 5
y 16
end
arch carpet2a
x 5
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 5
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 5
y 17
end
arch map_info
name asteria_palace
hp 12
sp 5
cursed 1
damned 1
x 5
y 18
end
arch trans
x 5
y 23
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 5
y 23
end
arch trans
x 6
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 6
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 6
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 6
y 16
end
arch carpet2a
x 6
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 6
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 6
y 17
end
arch trans
x 6
y 23
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 6
y 23
end
arch trans
x 7
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 7
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 7
y 15
end
arch torch_wall_1
x 7
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 7
y 16
end
arch carpet2a
x 7
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 7
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 7
y 17
end
arch trans
x 7
y 23
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 7
y 23
end
arch trans
x 8
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 8
y 14
end
arch picture13
x 8
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 8
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 8
y 16
end
arch carpet2a
x 8
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 8
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 8
y 17
end
arch trans
x 8
y 23
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 8
y 23
end
arch trans
x 9
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
blocksview 0
draw_double 0
x 9
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
face wall_window.111
layer 7
draw_double 0
blocksview 0
x 9
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 9
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 9
y 16
end
arch carpet2a
x 9
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 9
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 9
y 17
end
arch trans
x 9
y 23
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 9
y 23
end
arch trans
x 10
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
blocksview 0
draw_double 0
x 10
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
face wall_window.111
layer 7
draw_double 0
blocksview 0
x 10
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 10
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 10
y 16
end
arch carpet2a
x 10
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 10
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 10
y 17
end
arch trans
x 10
y 23
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 10
y 23
end
arch trans
x 11
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 11
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 11
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 11
y 16
end
arch carpet2a
x 11
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 11
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 11
y 17
end
arch trans
x 11
y 23
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 11
y 23
end
arch trans
x 12
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 12
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 12
y 15
end
arch torch_wall_1
x 12
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 12
y 16
end
arch carpet2a
x 12
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 12
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 12
y 17
end
arch trans
x 12
y 23
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 12
y 23
end
arch trans
x 13
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 13
y 14
end
arch picture4.151
x 13
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 13
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 13
y 16
end
arch carpet2a
x 13
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 13
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 13
y 17
end
arch trans
x 13
y 23
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 13
y 23
end
arch trans
x 14
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
blocksview 0
draw_double 0
x 14
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
face wall_window.111
layer 7
draw_double 0
blocksview 0
x 14
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 14
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 14
y 16
end
arch carpet2a
x 14
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 14
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 14
y 17
end
arch trans
x 14
y 23
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 14
y 23
end
arch trans
x 15
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
blocksview 0
draw_double 0
x 15
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
face wall_window.111
layer 7
draw_double 0
blocksview 0
x 15
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 15
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 15
y 16
end
arch carpet2a
x 15
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 15
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 15
y 17
end
arch trans
x 15
y 23
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 15
y 23
end
arch flag_eagle
x 15
y 23
end
arch trans
x 16
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 16
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 16
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 16
y 16
end
arch carpet2a
x 16
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 16
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 16
y 17
end
arch trans
x 16
y 23
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 16
y 23
end
arch trans
x 17
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 17
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 17
y 15
end
arch torch_wall_1
x 17
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 17
y 16
end
arch carpet2a
x 17
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 17
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 17
y 17
end
arch trans
x 17
y 23
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 17
y 23
end
arch trans
x 18
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 18
y 14
end
arch picture5.151
x 18
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 18
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 18
y 16
end
arch carpet2a
x 18
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 18
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 18
y 17
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 18
y 18
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 18
y 18
end
arch light4
x 18
y 18
end
arch map_info
name asteria_palace
sp 5
is_magical 1
x 18
y 18
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 18
y 19
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 18
y 19
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 18
y 20
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 18
y 20
end
arch flag_eagle
direction 7
x 18
y 20
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 18
y 21
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 18
y 21
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 18
y 22
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 18
y 22
end
arch flag_eagle
direction 7
x 18
y 22
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 18
y 23
end
arch wall_dungeon_4
x 18
y 23
end
arch trans
x 19
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 19
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 19
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 19
y 16
end
arch carpet2a
x 19
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 19
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 19
y 17
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 19
y 18
end
arch rack3
direction 7
slaying no_open
x 19
y 18
end
arch map_info
name asteria_palace
hp 4
sp 5
cursed 1
x 19
y 18
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 19
y 19
end
arch rack2
direction 7
slaying no_open
x 19
y 19
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 19
y 20
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 19
y 21
end
arch rack.111
direction 7
slaying no_open
x 19
y 21
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 19
y 22
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 19
y 23
end
arch rack2
direction 7
slaying no_open
x 19
y 23
end
arch trans
x 20
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
blocksview 0
draw_double 0
x 20
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
face wall_window.111
layer 7
draw_double 0
blocksview 0
x 20
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 20
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 20
y 16
end
arch carpet2f
x 20
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 20
y 17
end
arch carpet2.111
x 20
y 17
end
arch door1_locked
x 20
y 17
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 20
y 18
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 20
y 19
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 20
y 20
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 20
y 21
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 20
y 22
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 20
y 23
end
arch trans
x 21
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
blocksview 0
draw_double 0
x 21
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
face wall_window.111
layer 7
draw_double 0
blocksview 0
x 21
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 21
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 21
y 16
end
arch carpet2a
x 21
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 21
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 21
y 17
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 21
y 18
end
arch chest_w1
slaying no_open
x 21
y 18
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 21
y 19
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 21
y 20
end
arch chest_w1
slaying no_open
x 21
y 20
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 21
y 21
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 21
y 22
end
arch chest_w1
slaying no_open
x 21
y 22
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 21
y 23
end
arch trans
x 22
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 22
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 22
y 15
end
arch torch_wall_1
x 22
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 22
y 16
end
arch carpet2a
x 22
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 22
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 22
y 17
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 22
y 18
end
arch chest_w1
slaying no_open
x 22
y 18
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 22
y 19
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 22
y 20
end
arch chest_w1
slaying no_open
x 22
y 20
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 22
y 21
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 22
y 22
end
arch chest_w1
slaying no_open
x 22
y 22
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 22
y 23
end
arch spawn_point
x 22
y 23
arch guard
name Asterian Guard
level 46
faction asteria_guards
type 83
end
end
arch trans
x 23
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 23
y 14
end
arch picture2.151
x 23
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 23
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 23
y 16
end
arch carpet2a
x 23
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 23
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 23
y 17
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 23
y 18
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 23
y 18
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 23
y 19
end
arch candlelight3.101
x 23
y 19
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 23
y 19
end
arch light5
x 23
y 19
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 23
y 20
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 23
y 20
end
arch picture3.151
direction 7
x 23
y 20
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 23
y 21
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 23
y 21
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 23
y 22
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 23
y 22
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
x 23
y 23
end
arch candlelight3.101
x 23
y 23
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 23
y 23
end
arch light5
x 23
y 23
end
